hey claude - I would like to start a project here. I have homeassistant set up on my network (on a rpi, I will get an api key to access it). I also have a trmnl eink display (please do some research on what that is!) and I am running a server that serves images for the eink display to render, this is called a byos trmnl server and the code for my janky one is here ~/source/trmnl/byos-fastapi. 

I would like to write a new server that will replace my existing byos trmnl server with one that pulls data from home assistant and create an image for the trmnl display.

I have the feeling I'm going to ask for a bunch of different dashboards etc over time, so this project should be designed so that it can be evolved (i.e. well factored to allow the creation of new dashboards by a developer).

My overall goal here is to build something functionally equivalent to a "star chart" that rewards good behaviour, with the e-ink display being the chart. I have a bunch of buttons configured with home assistant that I plan to put on my wall with labels next to them i.e. "Gym", "Toe Care" (my toe has a fungal infection that I need to put special nail polish on every 2nd day), etc - and when I do those tasks, I will click the button, then I would like a little congratulatory noise to play (I have some speakers plugged into the server that will run this), and the fact that I have done the task should be saved to home assistant (this is all configured beyond the server we're writing now), and the e-ink display should periodically update to represent how I am doing with my goals. I.e. showing how many times I exercised in the week compared to how much I want to (lets say 4 times a week).

I would like to be able to easily set up a new button, configure the weekly goal, and have it reflected in the e-ink display easily. So maybe like, we use some meta data in ha to configure the behaviour in the e-ink display. not sure the best way to do that, but perhaps a janky way would be prefix a counter/toggle or w/e
